import pygame


Def class skip button: 
    define in it and take in self,text,x,y,width, hieght and color 
        do the self thing so self.rect = pygame,rect(Variables)
        also remmeber to include text and color 
    

    def draw import self and screen 
        draw the button rectangle 
        define font as a arial and remmeber to put the number 
        text_surf = font.render(self.text, True, (255, 255, 255))
        text_rect = text_surf.get_rect(center=self.rect.center)
        screen.blit(text_surf, text_rect)

    def if it clicked import self and event 
        if event type is equal to pygame.MOUSEBUTTONDWON 
            if slef collidepoint(event.pos)
                return it true 
        
        return false 



while skip button returns true
    then play the cutscene display on screen a long paragraph about whats happening 
    show the user "Prelude:
                Run: Dramatic Music 
                Display Image: Castle
                Display Text: There was one A kingdom called ArisKatsia
                Display Image: The last kings lays slaghtered in from the princes eyes. 
                Display Text: This is a trial about tragedy. 
                Display Image: Destroyed Kingdom
                Display Text: Now it's only up to you, our last prince, Zan.
                Pan to Game Title: THE FINAL BLIGHT  
                Display: Menu


Give them the options
 to ether make a new game, load a previous game, or mp3 player

 If they choose a new game then first play the tutorial 
    show the user Run: Tutorial Battle Music 
    Scene: Zan starts in a deserted town, with a few theives standing his way. 
    Dialogue Box: Move yourself using the arrow keys.
    Description: Player Closes in to enemy
    Dialogue Box: Be sure to use the Z key to attack your foes!
    Description: As soon as Z is pressed, player unpauses and attacks. 
    Desciription: Enemy starts attack, Pausing you at attack frame. 
    Dialogue Box: Be sure to press Arrow Key & C to perform a dodge!
    Description: As soon as player presses direction & C, resume gameplay. 
    Description: Pause screen and display dialogue box. 
    Dialogue Box: Press V to open Magic Menu. 
    Description: Player presses V, magic menu opens 
    Dialogue Box: Press 1-3 to use Fire, Blizzard, or Thunder, and press 4 to switch between stronger & weaker spells (eg., Fire, Fira, Firaga). 
    Description: Player chooses spell, one last pause.  
    Dialogue Box: Press X and directional keys to sprint to the next theif! 
    Description: Player Presses Sprint key & directinal key. 
    Description: Battle plays through untill you win. 

    creater new csv file with cooridnate function and then play run game function







    

                    